APM Landing Page Update (#7445)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/_index.md

</br>

Datadog APM & Distributed Tracing gives deep visibility into your applications with **out-of-the-box performance dashboards** for web services, queues and databases to monitor requests, errors and latency. Distributed traces **seamlessly correlate** to Browser sessions, Logs, Network, Processes and Infrastructure metrics across hosts, containers, proxies and serverless functions. Search **100% of traces live with no sampling** during an outage, while Datadog intelligently retains traces that represent an error, high latency or unique code paths for analysis.

## Getting Started

> As you transition from monoliths to microservices, setting up Datadog APM across hosts, containers or serverless functions takes just minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether you're enabling tracing on a monolith, microservices, or serverless functions, getting started takes minutes:
```

Reviewer: this is passive voice

### 1. Configure the Datadog Agent

[Install and configure the Datadog Agent][1] in AWS, GCP, Azure, Kubernetes, ECS, Fargate, PCF, Heroku, on-prem and more.

### 2. Instrument Your Application

Add a tracing library to your application or proxy service to start sending traces to the Datadog Agent.

{{< partial name="apm/apm-languages.html" >}}
<br>
## Explore Datadog APM

### App Analytics

[Analyze performance][2] by application, infrastructure or custom tags such as datacenter, availability zone, deployment version, domain, user, checkout amount, customer and more.

{{< img src="tracing/index/SearchAppAnalytics.gif" alt="App Analytics"  style="width:100%;">}}

### Connect Logs and Traces

> [View your application logs][3] for a single distributed request with automatic trace_id injection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[View your application logs][3] side-by-side with the trace for a single distributed request with automatic trace-id injection.
```

Reviewer: discussed update

## What is Datadog APM?

* **Correlation with Datadog Platform**: Distributed Traces tied to browser sessions, mobile pageviews, logs, network, application code, databases, proxies, hosts & containers.
* **Out-of-the box Dashboards**: Automatically generated service and database pages to monitor requests, errors and latency.
* **Live search on 100% of your traces**: Search all traces live during na outage and intelligently retain important traces for bad user experiences like errors and high latency.

## Getting Started

Whether your apps are built as a monolith, microservices, or serverless functions, getting started takes just minutes.

### 1. Configure the Datadog Agent

[Install and configure the Datadog Agent][1] in AWS, GCP, Azure, Kubernetes, ECS, PCF, Azure, Heroku, on-prem and more.

### 2. Instrument Your Application

Add a tracing library to your application to start sending traces to the Datadog Agent for monitoring.

{{< partial name="apm/apm-languages.html" >}}
<br>

> ## Explore Datadog APM

Reviewer: it seems like we can make the transition into this section more smooth
